Add steps for Infinite Tracing data sources for browser, mobile, and lambda (#5228)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/mobile-monitoring/new-relic-mobile-android/get-started/new-relic-android-and-dt.mdx

To use distributed tracing, you need at least Android agent version 6.0.0. We recommend you use the most recent agent.

## How to set up distributed tracing [#setup]

For mobile agents that support this feature, it’s enabled by default. 

If you prefer to turn off distributed tracing, see [Android feature flag](/docs/mobile-monitoring/new-relic-mobile-android/api-guides/android-agent-configuration-feature-flags/#dt).

## Infinite Tracing [#infinite-tracing]

If your mobile apps have some downstream services that use the advanced type of distributed tracing called Infinite Tracing, you should enable Infinite Tracing for your mobile apps. This ensures that your root span (the initiating mobile app) is included in the rest of the spans tracked by Infinite Tracing.

Infinite Tracing uses a trace observer in the cloud to collect all your trace spans. The trace observer uses [tail-based sampling](https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/distributed-tracing/concepts/how-new-relic-distributed-tracing-works/#tail-based) to sort through your traces. This means it waits until all your spans arrive before assembling them into traces. Then, it looks through all your traces to find the important ones. 

> To set up Infinite Tracing, go to our [Infinite Tracing](/docs/distributed-tracing/infinite-tracing/set-trace-observer) documentation for steps to create a trace observer and to select which mobile apps (data sources) should send trace spans to the Infinite Tracing trace observer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To set up Infinite Tracing, go to our [Infinite Tracing docs](/docs/distributed-tracing/infinite-tracing/set-trace-observer) for steps to create a trace observer and to select which mobile apps (data sources) should report spans.
```
